Update troubleshooting.asciidoc (#734)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/troubleshooting.asciidoc

. Click **Force unenroll**. 

[discrete]
[[ca-cert-testing]]
== On Fleet Server start up, ERROR seen with 'State changed to CRASHED: exited with code: 1'

This error message can be shown for different reasons but a common one, when attempting production-like usage,
is seen when the ca.crt file passed in cannot be found.  One way to verify if this is the problem you are
seeing is to bootstrap {fleet-server} without passing a ca.crt file, which implies you would test any subsequent
{agent} installs temporarily with {fleet-sever}'s own self-signed cert.

Tip: be sure to pass in the full path to the ca.crt file, a relative path is not viable.

> Further, you will know your {fleet-server} is set up with its testing oriented self-signed certificate usage
> if you see the following error during {agent} installs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will know if your {fleet-server} is set up with its testing oriented self-signed certificate usage,
when you see the following error during {agent} installs:
```

[source,sh]
----
Error: fail to enroll: fail to execute request to fleet-server: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority
Error: enroll command failed with exit code: 1
----

> To install or enroll against a self-signed cert {fleet-server} {agent} add in the '--insecure' option to the
> command as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install or enroll against a self-signed cert {fleet-server} {agent}, add in the `--insecure` option to the
command:
```
